Add support for storage accounts that do not allow for anonymous access (#1523)
Azure/azureml-assets: scripts/azureml-assets/CHANGELOG.md

### 🐛 Bugs Fixed

> ## 1.16.13 (2023-10-12)

Reviewer: Just remember set the date when this actually is released.

Author: Copy paste fail. Updating to today hoping we can get this PR approved soon.

### 🐛 Bugs Fixed

> - [#1458](https://github.com/Azure/azureml-assets/pull1523 Support for storage accounts that are not configured for anonymous access

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#1523](https://github.com/Azure/azureml-assets/pull/1523 Support for storage accounts that are not configured for anonymous access
```

> - [#1458](https://github.com/Azure/azureml-assets/pull/1523) Support for storage accounts that are not configured for anonymous access

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#1523](https://github.com/Azure/azureml-assets/pull/1523) Support for storage accounts that are not configured for anonymous access
```
